MP-5117 Data Transformer Date-parse (#122)
spryker/spryker.github.io: docs/marketplace/dev/front-end/ui-components-library/data-transformers/date-parse.md

---
title: Data Transformer Date-parse
description: This document provides details about the Data Transformer Date-parse service in the Components Library.
template: concept-topic-template
---

This document provides details about the Data Transformer Date-parse service in the Components Library.

## Overview

Data Transformer Date-parse is an Angular Service that parses the string value as a Date ISO into the JS Date Object.

> In the example below, the `datasource` will return an object with the parsed `date` into `1600953608000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `datasource` will transform date string in the data into the parsed date object.
```

```ts
<spy-select
  [datasource]="{
    type: 'inline',

>     data: {
>       type: 'date',
>       date: '2020-09-24T15:20:08+02:00',
>     },
>     transform: {
>       type: 'object-map',
>       mapProps: {
>         date: {
>           type: 'date-parse',
>         },
>       },
>     },

Reviewer: Let's simplify the example with just single transformer:
```suggestion
    data: '2020-09-24T15:20:08+02:00',
    transform: {
      type: 'date-parse'
    },
```
